# TQL Privacy Policy

This document describes what data we collect and how we use this.

## What data is collected

### Telemetry

TQL has embedded telemetry collection. Telemetry is divided into two categories:
will not contain PII information and may contain PII information. PII, or
Personally Identifiable Information, in refers to any data that may identify you
personally. Examples include your name, address, birth date, etc. Collection of
the first category is enabled by default. Collection of the second category is
disabled by default. Both can be enabled and disabled in the general settings of
the application.

Even though there's a slight chance that PII information is tracked, we in no
way attempt to track any specific PII information. The only reason there's a
slight chance PII information is tracked is because we don't control all
automatically generated diagnostic information generated by third party
libraries. If you enable the sensitive telemetry category and make errors
available analysis by the TQL team, there's a slight chance that automatically
generated diagnostic information contains PII information like your Windows user
name.

This data is collect in Microsoft Azure Application Insights with the sole
purpose of improving the application. This data will never be shared with third
parties. Refer to the
[Techie's Quick Launcher - Members](https://github.com/orgs/TQLApp/people) page
to see who has access to this data.

### GitHub issues, discussion, etc

Any data uploaded to GitHub will be publicly visible. You agree to this when you
post the data. This includes technical diagnostic information that the app makes
available for you to use when creating a GitHub issue.

### Other data

The app itself tracks information like usage data and logging. This data is not
shared in any way. It will always stay on your own device, or a backup service
if you've configured one.

### Cookies

The TQL app doesn't host its own website other than the GitHub project page and
the GitHub hosted page. We don't track any data from this.

## How do we use your data

Your data will only ever be used to improve the app. It will never be shared
with third parties. Refer to the
[Techie's Quick Launcher - Members](https://github.com/orgs/TQLApp/people) page
to see who has access to this data.

The following non are examples of how this data is used to improve the
application:

- Improve often used features.
- Remove unused features.
- Fix errors (requires you to opt in to the PII sensitive category).

## How do we store your data

Your data is stored in Microsoft Azure Application Insights. See
[Privacy in Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/explore/trusted-cloud/privacy)
for Microsoft Azure's privacy policy.

## What are your data protection rights?

Every user is entitled to the following:

- **The right to access** – You have the right to request the TQL team for
  copies of your personal data.

- **The right to rectification** – You have the right to request that the TQL
  team correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the
  right to request the TQL team to complete the information you believe is
  incomplete.

- **The right to erasure** – You have the right to request that the TQL team
  erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

- **The right to restrict processing** – You have the right to request that the
  TQL team restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain
  conditions.

- **The right to object to processing** – You have the right to object to the
  TQL team’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

- **The right to data portability** – You have the right to request that the TQL
  team transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or
  directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to
exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:

Write to us: pvginkel@gmail.com.

## Changes to our privacy policy

The TQL team keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any
updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 16
December 2023.

## How to contact us

If you have any questions about the TQL team’s privacy policy, the data we hold
on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please
do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: pvginkel@gmail.com

## Revision control

- 16 December 2023: First version.
